# Mentors for CSCI 121

## Ryen Burris

Hi everyone, I’m Ryen (they/them) and I’m a sophomore math/physics major. 
I took CSCI 121 last semester, before which I knew literally nothing about 
programming other than it seemed super scary to me. So if you’re in a 
similar position, don’t worry, you’re not alone! Outside of my studies, 
playing percussion is probably the most important thing in my life, so 
I’m a member of the Reed orchestra and The Academy drum and bugle corps. 
I also am an operator at Reed’s reactor, and I really enjoy film. Can’t 
wait to work with you all!

## Rhody Kaner

Hi, I’m Rhody! I’m a Senior CS major, and my pronouns are she/her/hers. 
I’m very interested in CS education and want to help the CS department 
at Reed to be as diverse and welcoming as possible. I didn’t have any 
experience with CS before college and know how intimidating it can be to 
get into computer science when you don’t have a background in the subject 
or fit the archetype of a CS student. I’ve had some needlessly stressful 
times in CS classes, and I want to do what I can to help you avoid that 
stress and have a good experience in 121. On the rare occasions when I 
have free time, I enjoy cooking, reading, dance, craft projects, and 
playing with my roommate’s cat.

## Hrishee Shastri

Some of you may know me, but my name is Hrishee (he/him/his) and I am a 
sophomore. I took this course exactly a year ago with Jim and Eitan, and 
I helped TA last semester as well. CS 121 can be a tough, fast paced 
environment with lots of moving parts-- and as culminations of what you 
have learned throughout the course, projects may feel intimidating. As a 
course mentor, I'm hoping to focus on building your skills and confidence 
rather than just pointing out errors. One of the things I hope you'll 
discover is that it can be really fulfilling in the end! 
Apart from schoolwork I love playing soccer, losing at online chess, and 
talking about different (human) languages. I'm also a big fan of playing 
games as much as making them -- so I look forward to learning with you 
all this semester!